TG-1016 Update README (#306)
20tab/django-continuous-delivery: README.md

## 🧩 Requirements

The Talos script can be run either using Docker or a Python virtual environment.

### 🐋 Docker

In order to run Talos via Docker, a working [Docker installation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) is the only requirement.

### 🐍 Virtual environment

> In order to run Talos in a virtual environment first clone the repository in a local projects directory and the enter in it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run Talos in a virtual environment, first clone the repository in a local projects directory and ensure it is your current root:
```

```console
cd ~/projects
git clone git@github.com:20tab/django-continuous-delivery.git talos-django
cd talos-django
```

Then, create and activate a virtual environment and install the requirements:

```console
python3.12 -m venv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
python -m pip install -r requirements/common.txt
```

> Optionally, in order to use `terraform`, you have to install it using the [install guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can leverage the optional `terraform` integration by installing the package via the official [install guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).
```

## 🧩 Requirements

The Talos script can be run either using Docker or a Python virtual environment.

### 🐋 Docker

In order to run Talos via Docker, a working [Docker installation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) is the only requirement.

### 🐍 Virtual environment

In order to run Talos in a virtual environment, first clone the repository in a local projects directory and ensure it is your current directory:

```console
cd ~/projects
git clone git@github.com:20tab/django-continuous-delivery.git talos-django
cd talos-django
```

Then, create and activate a virtual environment and install the requirements:

```console

> python3.12 -m venv .venv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 -m venv .venv
```

Author: Using `python3` can be an alias for old and incompatible Python version.

source .venv/bin/activate
python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip setuptools
python3 -m pip install -r requirements/common.txt
```

> You can leverage the optional `terraform` integration by installing the `cli` via the official [install guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can leverage the optional `terraform` integration by installing the cli package via the official [install guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).
```

> You can leverage the optional `terraform` integration by installing the `cli` via the official [install guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).

Reviewer 2: I would consider the installation of Terraform to be 'mandatory' and not optional. The only scenario where it is not required is in generating a project solely locally, with no intention of setting up remote services and environments.
I would rephrase the instructions by removing the optional aspect.

Author: As you said, the repo can be used without `terraform` in certain condition.
Please add a suggestion that specify the conditions that require using 'terrfaorm'.

> You can leverage the optional `terraform` integration by installing the cli package via the official [install guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).

Author: ```suggestion
The `terraform` cli package is required, unless you want to generate a project only locally. To install it we suggest to use the official [install guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli).
```

### 🐋 Docker

```console

> docker run --interactive --tty --rm --volume $PWD/.talos_dumps:/app/.dumps --volume $PWD/.talos_logs:/app/.logs --volume $PWD:/data 20tab/talos-django:latest

Reviewer: I would reuse the same dirs locally so as to keep the dumps and logs in "buckets" the user would expect to find such data.

Reviewer 2: In the `~/projects` directory where it is suggested to execute the setup with `docker run` there is no context related to the execution of talos. When mounting the two volumes, two unintelligible hidden directories `~/projects/.logs` and `~/projects/.dumps` are generated. 
I consider a result like `~/projects/.talos_logs` and `~/projects/.talos_dumps` to be clearer and more understandable.

Reviewer: Moreover, that would be more garbage added to my system. I really do not like that. :D 

Moreover:

Why unintelligible? Mappings to `.dumps` and `.logs` are in the command itself, the user cannot get mistaken in any way.

`talos_dumps` and `talos_logs` are hidden too, so that's not a valid argument either.

> docker run --interactive --tty --rm --volume $PWD/.talos_dumps:/app/.dumps --volume $PWD/.talos_logs:/app/.logs --volume $PWD:/data 20tab/talos-django:latest

Author: ```suggestion
docker run --interactive --tty --rm --volume $PWD/.dumps:/app/.dumps --volume $PWD/.logs:/app/.logs --volume $PWD:/data 20tab/talos-django:latest
```
